I'm Alex Ramoszi. Welcome to my $100
million Money Models book launch event.
[music]
>> I think it's possible to put a book in
the hand of every entrepreneur in
America. I'm hoping that more people get
into entrepreneurship who are not.
People who are in it do [music] better.
and the people who are doing really well
helped me on my mission to get the books
in everyone's hands.
I thought it would be cool at the
beginning to have the $100 million
series do a $100 million launch.
So the $100 million book series was
actually written as one book
and it had offers, it had leads and it
had money models. This massive thing I
then broke it into constituent parts.
each one stacked another layer of skills
on top. So, first you have your offer,
then you advertise your offer, then you
monetize the offer. Now, it makes more
sense when you think, oh, all three of
these were one book. It was, but parsing
them out like this made it better.
The point that I wanted to prove when I
started writing this stuff ages ago is
that like I didn't have a brand when I
did all the stuff that I did with Gym
Launch. I didn't [music] have any of
that. All I had was just skills. And so
I thought if I can document these
skills, then I can have [music] a visual
demonstration of proof in real time that
these skills when used properly can
result [music] in a $100 million thing.
The difficulty was going to be the props
and the set because we have events, we
have people, we have things that going
on at our headquarters. For me to take
the whole [music] main floor and
basically sequester the whole thing for
months would is not tenable.
>> Yeah, Christian, if I'm if I'm spending
all my time,
>> I don't think you're going to use that.
>> That's kind of my point. Yeah.
>> Oh, great. Okay. So, that that helps.
You only use those two during the
presentation, then I would rather just
make a dedicated camera just for this
thing.
>> Okay, great. We filled the rest of this
out. I would rather put chat in the
background with you because it still
keeps their eyes on your frame.
>> That's what I meant. But
>> agreed. Yes.
>> This is the thing you were talking
about. This permanently [music] removes
the glare at this angle.
>> And so I really only got to do a few
practice runs in the true setting.
Basically like where will I move? What
am I signaling? How's the camera like
that? And I'd rather do like three or
four like that and then I'll do a full
Yeah. full a full run.
Why are we putting so many curtains
around where Alex is going to be?
>> For a couple of reasons, but they all
essentially boil down to
making Alex in as controlled of an
environment as humanly possible given
the circumstances. So, this in entirely
has to do with limiting distracting
stimuli to keep Alex blind to as many
things as humanly possible minus his
slides honestly. So, he has zero clue
what goes on with pretty much anything
else going outside of this bubble. This
is like right here says that's enough
value. I'd be like, are you not
entertained
or is there even more? Everyone I know
who's not in my like immediate circle
has texted me been like, "So, looks like
you're launching a book. Looks like you
got a lot going on." [laughter]
>> Good.
>> Yeah. Great.
>> I am kneede in just a bunch of different
facets of the launch. You know, it's a
few hours for everyone who shows up, but
it's like multiple years of preparation
that we're doing. And so, the entire
team's, you know, working overtime to
make this happen.
>> We have built a team around the core
values like competitive greatness. you
see in those moments like who's actually
made of the real [__] like who leans
into the challenge, who embraces it, who
chases it.
>> Most people only see this event as an
event, but they don't realize that this
event is being supported by an insane
culture that is already existing in an
operating business. Most people will
just spin these teams up just to support
an event, but you're not going to get
the love, the care, the compassion to
want to serve at that highest level. I
don't think you can manufacture that. I
just think it's super hard
>> in position.
>> Sh, you want to call it out?
>> I'll call it.
>> All right, perfect.
>> Kind of feel it out.
>> We'll do it like we would do it. Thank
you, sir.
>> All right, guys.
rehearsal.
You ready? You ready?
All right, let's roll. I'm Alex Ramoszi.
Welcome to my $100 million Money Models
book launch event and we're going to try
and break the world record together here
live. So, I've got the Guinness judges
right here. We're trying to break the
single fastest selling non-fiction uh
book in history uh in a single day. So,
Prince Harry is the one who owns that
record right now with 1.4 million copies
uh for his book called Spirit which came
out last year. Before that, I think it
was Barack Obama's book which had come
out, you know, many years before that.
After that, it was Michelle Obama
becoming I think it's like 750,000
copies. So, like big names with gigantic
media behind them, literally like global
globally recognized. And so, you know, I
had to tell my team this, which is like
we are trying to do something that
literally no one has done before. And
so, we should expect to do things that
literally no one has done before in
order to do it.
>> How many days are we out?
>> Uh, one day. One day. probably not even
less less than 24 hours now, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. 20 hours.
>> How do you feel?
>> I feel so fabulous and excited. Yeah.
>> We are doing sales support training for
the $100 million Money Models launch.
So, what you see here is a team of
internal ACQ team members. Some of them
are in sales, some of them are in our
workshop teams. Really, we pulled from
across the organization. And we are
preparing to staff the phones for launch
tomorrow. All right. [applause]
>> Happy Friday.
>> IT is train day number two. [screaming]
>> WE are here. We are in day two role play
one. So get ready to be creative as your
customers. We really want to make sure
that every single team member has a
clear understanding of each offer and
that they feel comfortable that they can
concisely convey the value in a way that
aligns with our brand standards. So
really important just to make sure
everyone feels super comfy going into
tomorrow. We're really here because we
want to help business owners
irrespective of their size, scale,
industry, origin. We are the team who
can help literally anyone grow their
business. So people will either have the
option to buy one book of $100 million
money models or they can buy
the bundle.
The bundle
where you too can put this box in your
hands and feel just how chunky it is.
And my favorite part of this bundle is
this scan me to scale faster. Where does
this go?
>> My calendar. [laughter]
>> How much does the bundle cost? 598 98
>> cold stone cold. All right. Love it.
5998 is how much this is.
>> One of the things I practiced the most
was actually just going through the
motions. So it's like I had to practice
what that flow is going to be and do it
over and over and over and over again so
that when I'm actually live I'm not
thinking what are my hands doing. So
it's a lot like I think I don't play
musical instrument but I would imagine
that people who play the guitar and then
sing it's similar where it's it's being
able to do two things at once. And so I
had to kind of like play the guitar
while singing figuratively and I had to
just do a lot of reps.
>> That one's like
>> No, that's Yeah, good. Yeah, I need I
need speed. Need for speed. And I do
like there's no ambiguity with this guy.
That kind of that kind of speed. I have
a need for speed. There's like hundreds
of tiny things that I think people don't
see and just had to be there. These are
some decisions where we're going to have
to live with the consequences cuz we
can't do live again and we're not going
to know what's going to happen. So,
like, should we have the phone number
up? When should we have it up? What
phone number should it be? Should it
just go to the CS team? Should it go to
a sales team? All of those are decisions
that were onetime decisions that we just
had to make and just like hope we made
the right call.
>> What's up?
>> What's up, team?
>> How you doing?
>> How's your trip?
>> It's good. Alex is doing a run through
downstairs.
>> Oh, yeah. Do you want to go check it
out?
>> You can if you want. I just I' I've seen
three drafts of it. So, Oh,
>> okay.
>> He wrote this first and then he was
like, "Hey, this is missing two other
pieces. I'm going to do the offers." And
then the offers had no launch and then
the leads had the launch. Cuz if you
release the money models without the
offers and the leads, they're like,
"Wait a minute. I don't know how to do
those things." You could have argued
that you could have released it either
way, but this is the most valuable book.
>> If someone thinks, "Oh, this could help
me double my business." It's very easy.
I'm not saying we promise that, but I'm
saying it was very easy to justify the
expense within a B2B context. The issue
is no one believes you. If I said I can
double your business, if you believe me,
then it makes sense. I wanted the entire
event in the leadup to the event to
exist as proof. The best way to get
someone to believe is to have already
done it. Proof above everything.
>> Okay.
>> It looks good, right? Everything's okay,
is it?
>> Oh, yeah. It's got the timer and
everything. We try the test of the
stream.
>> Yep. [__] yeah.
>> The stream.
>> I don't know about the stream.
>> Can we ask him?
>> Yeah. Yeah, I'll do that.
>> Or like ideally he should send you the
stream link and then you should watch it
through the stream to make sure like the
audio is good
>> that like it doesn't get muted cuz um
Amir told me if it gets muted it's like
it [__] the stream.
>> Everyone's like on edge right now.
[laughter]
>> I have a terrible fear that the that the
cursing in the promo video will have the
stream get listed as 18 plus. Whatever
anxiety about that, multiply times
1,000. That's
>> Oh, good.
>> Face noises create so many problems.
>> How you feeling?
>> Um, like my career's on the line
>> in the best and worst way possible.
>> Rather than like, how do we win? It's
like, well, how would we fail?
>> Mhm.
>> And okay, there's six ways that this
could fail. How do we prevent every
single way from failing?
>> Here are the choke points as I see them
in order and we'll find out after we're
watching this if I missed one. But one
is if for some reason um the social
media platforms throttle our ability to
spend money on advertising. Sometimes it
happens um like if we can't advertise
the event, the event's not going to be
able to be as big, which means we're not
going to break the record. Okay, so
drama of the day. [music] At
approximately 3 hours ago, um 4 hours
ago, I was selfishly sleeping and
[music] our Google Ads account got down.
So the plan now is to pivot, just
reroute the budget towards Meta. And if
that doesn't work, we'll rout it towards
TikTok. If that doesn't work, we'll
regrow it towards LinkedIn ads, whatever
we need to do.
>> The next choke point is going to be
emails [music] and texts.
>> Doing some last minute checks on the
main announcement email. We also have
the SMS that's about to go out as well.
And this is the number one most
important action I'd say of today aside
from everything else. Uh is make sure
that this sends
they're firing.
>> The next choke point is where people
click the link. So if they click the
link, we have to make sure the link
works.
>> We checked all the links yesterday and
like a bunch of them are broken.
>> The fourth choke point is going to be we
have to make sure that Shopify can
process payments.
>> Our Shopify link was sending people to
Serbia. Those are all of the choke
points as I see them. We will find out
if there's new ones that I did not know
about. Uh, and yeah, we'll find out.
>> Okay. 5 minutes. 5 minutes.
>> 5 minutes right here.
>> Okay.
>> When we're selling, stay slow. I want to
stay calm and I want to help the person
make the purchase.
We're making history here.
>> This is insane.
>> Let's go.
>> What's going to happen? It's going to go
great.
>> Breakers.
>> We're about to break some records.
>> Break records, baby.
>> Very excited.
>> We're about to make a lot of money for a
lot of business owners.
>> Either it's going to go really well,
which was a plan. So, just follow the
plan. And if it's not going well, well,
maybe it hasn't had time to let the plan
happen yet or work yet. So, just follow
the plan.
>> It's launch, dude.
>> It's launch. It's launched.
>> [__] go.
>> All right. So, the rumors are true.
>> Yeah, baby.
>> All right.
>> All right, guys. Everybody, everybody
quiet on set.
>> We're going live in five, four,
>> three.
Let's just
>> It's
time. [screaming]
>> The $100
million
Money Models Book Launch is finally
here.
>> Welcome to the stage,
Alex.
>> [music]
>> You guys are awesome. You guys are
awesome. Thank you guys.
Camera's ready. Audio ready.
>> Lights ready.
>> Are you guys ready?
>> Yes.
>> All right.
I'm Alex Ramoszi and welcome to my $100
million Money Models book launch event
and we're going to try and break world
record together here live. So, I've got
the Guinness judges right here. Britney,
I want you to come on out.
Britney's going to make sure that we
check boxes and do the things to uh make
this legit. Thank you so much, Britney.
We all thank you. So, it's going to be a
wild ride and you guys are going to want
to buckle up because it's going to get
exciting. With a $100 million money
model, you can get really big, really
profitable, really fast. $31 million of
consulting work went into this. It's
yours for free. You donate 200 bucks.
And I made donating super easy by hiring
and training 300 plus phone reps to help
anyone out who has issues checking out.
>> The massive value that you're going to
get is not just the sales and marketing
stuff.
>> So, did you get a chance to check out
all the offers that Alex mentioned in
the live? I know. I saw you had texted
us back and you said you saw that.
>> A money model is a sequence of offers.
>> Is there anything else that I can answer
for you as well?
>> Ship to Puerto Rico.
>> We're about to push for 100 million in
one weekend. I'm feeling awesome. It's
been a been a blast. This is the most
we've ever worked, but it's worth every
second.
>> Big dog Shiron
>> 200, baby. Appreciate you guys. It's so
fun. Yeah. So fun. We just cracked
200,000.
>> This is the VIP chat. Uh, so someone has
to moderate that probably.
>> There's There's several people.
>> Oh my god.
>> It's all pretty positive in the chat.
>> Big boom.
>> I looked at those days as like boot camp
for our culture.
>> I was talking to somebody and and they
were like, I'm not afraid to work hard.
And I think nobody should feel afraid to
work hard because of what's possible
when you do.
>> Still running 577 [music] 578. We may
hit this.
>> If for 3 days we work harder than we've
worked in years, we can break [music]
the world record.
>> These guys are the pros,
>> dude. Let's go.
>> Got something else for you here.
I want to show the world that one of us
can start from nothing and achieve
anything we put our hearts and minds to.
>> Did I say that I wrote just one book
inside?
>> I personally deliver the
recommendations. I document their exact
problems and [music] solutions.
>> It's from acquisition.com on recorded
live.
>> Here's what I would also offer.
>> That's perfect.
>> Thank you so much. Enjoy.
>> Thank you to all the players for putting
books in the hands of entrepreneurs who
need them. You guys are all amazing.
The whole team was like, "This is
awesome." Everyone's like super gung-ho
on like, "We want to break this record.
We want to break history together."
>> Well, hey, I'm super excited for you.
Thanks for doing business with us.
>> We're at 1,000 books a second right now.
It's not slowing down. It's 1,000 books
a second. This is crazy.
>> This playbook gives you the exact
process we follow to break through ad
spend ceilings and keep scaling. So,
here's just a fraction of what's inside.
Holy [__]
>> This is crazy.
>> Honestly, I think in the moment I was
just feeling like, "Oh, fuck." Like,
it's working,
>> dude. We might break the record.
>> 1.4.
>> I think I feel like there's a chance
to identify which conraint would be the
best ever. Our most effective framework
to help you use ACQA to find and create
leverage.
>> [__] pinpoint your bott.
>> Wow. It's just so rare that the stars
all align.
>> Can you get me access to Leila's office
to talk to her?
>> Okay.
>> So, if we can get the book dude here
during the stream, I will interrupt the
stream to present the the world record
award during the stream.
>> I could bring them up with me and be
like, I have something.
>> Yes.
>> I think that'd be good. I'd be like, I
have a special guest.
>> Okay.
>> Here to tell you something.
>> Yes. What is the least important thing
that I'm spending time and money on? Am
I willing to trade that for this other
thing that I want more? If the answer is
yes, I make the trade.
>> Number one, baby. Let's go.
>> Guinness World Record broken.
>> Wow. could not be more proud of Alex,
Leila, the entire team because the sheer
amount of work that has gone into this,
the every single detail that's that's
gone into this launch is what makes him
amazing.
I thought it would be cool to disrupt
him in real time and [music] just like
tell him that it happened because I also
think when you're up there performing,
knowing that your performance resulted
in a result that you want, it can
alleviate some of that tension that you
have and it can also make you want to
keep going. So, I think it's really
really motivating to know that you've
won. Like winning makes you want to keep
winning. that little bit.
>> And so whenever I like to think of my
situation, if I think it's hard, there's
always someone who's had it worse and
done better. With that being said, let
me bring up our next mystery headliner.
>> Actually,
>> okay.
>> We are interrupting.
>> Okay.
>> Because I brought some friends.
>> Oh.
>> To give you something.
>> No [__]
>> You broke the record. [laughter]
>> You broke the record.
[applause]
>> Hi, Alex.
As you know, this record is continuing
for 24 hours. So, it is quite an
official [laughter] officially amazing
achievement to have surpassed the record
already so soon into the 24-hour launch.
>> So, we will get that final number um
tomorrow morning and see where your
final number is, but we can confirm the
three of us that you are the official
new record holder. Congratulations.
>> Thank you. [applause]
>> Well, [__] Oh, sorry. I'm not supposed
to cuss my bed. Well, uh, shoot. The
idea of putting a book in the in every
entrepreneur's hands in America was
something that was really dear to me
because, um, this was like everything I
have is because of of things I've
learned and because of other people who
decided to write it down. And I thought,
man, if I bought a if I built a brand
that was like everything instead of
instead of trying to hide it, just like
just put everything out there, all the
details and just build a brand based on
that. And so, this is really a word for
you guys. Thank you guys so much. You
guys are awesome. And thank you guys so
much.
>> Of course. So, just so you guys know,
the I think the record was 1.44,
something like that.
>> 1.43.
>> Yeah. 1.43 million copies sold. Um,
we're serious. We want to get the books
into the into the hands of uh as many
entrepreneurs in America as we can. And,
you know, we're not stopping. So, let's
keep powering through. I got more stuff
to show you. And, um, I can't wait.
[music] Thank you guys. Thank you.
>> All right.
>> Congratulations.
>> We did it. We did it.
>> We just dethrowned Prince Harry.
[laughter]
>> [music]
[applause and music]
[cheering]
>> Great. We broke it and now we have three
more days. You know what I mean? And I'm
going to go hard. As much as I do want
to like quick celebrate, we got hours
left. 100 million to go. We perfect end
the $100 million series. We broke the
record. We got the Guinness thing. We
got the W, but we had a bigger W to get.
[applause]
>> Most people that were a part of this,
including Alex, did not wake up 3 years
ago thinking we were going to go after
the Guinness Book of World Records. But
I think it shows that almost anything is
achievable.
>> What's up, guys?
>> Congratulations.
>> This is not a book launch. This is a
chance to reimagine how we live our
lives. That the underdog actually won.
And we are all the underdog.
>> Like the job's almost done. Not done
yet.
>> Not done yet.
>> Why? Why not done yet?
>> We still got to hit 100 million.
>> 100 million sales.
>> Yeah. Let's [__] go.
>> $100 million money model. You have to
make 100 million. [laughter]
>> We're not slowing down now.
>> We just started.
>> Even if you have the thing to sell,
offers, and the people to sell it to,
leads, you still have another question
to answer. How do you get them to give
you money?
>> It's [__] 2 mill before lunch.
I've been working with this guy since
>> March and he's trying to buy 10,000
books right now for his community.
>> How's everything going? How's the launch
going?
>> It's going very well. It's going very
well. It's It's Yeah, it's pretty crazy.
>> The sales team is too fast. I can't take
calls cuz the sales team is too fast.
>> Confirmed 10,000 bucks.
>> That's awesome.
>> Thank you. Thank you.
>> Just seeing the team just rally and just
rage to make this happen. [music] I
would say like most people were like I
have not enjoyed working more than this
and they also worked more than any of
them had ever done in their lives and it
was also worth it.
>> Outside of that our teams can give you
the blueprint so that you can collapse
the curve and actually have that result
right now. If if that alone can be worth
it, would would that protect the
downside for you? I'll sort this out for
you and then in 30 minutes um we give
you a call back and we can figure that
out. Basically, we called until we
couldn't call anymore. Then we went into
calling Australia because they were just
waking up.
>> That is my shoe. This is for my Aussies.
I promised I would uh do a Shy for you
guys since you guys are showing up at
like 2:00 in the morning. Aussies, this
is for you. You guys are awesome. The
size and scope of all of this to me was
not about the money, but it was about
the impact. It's about that so many
people around were one willing to invest
in a book and two willing to donate more
so that more people can win.
[sighs and gasps]
There's never been a time in history
where someone has done something for
somebody else to help beat a world
record. That is super cool. So now every
[music] single person that helped invest
in this, donate and buy a book was a
part of history.
We have 3 [music] hours before the
Guinness World Record deadline closes to
sell as many as we can. And so we're
going to try to push for it. No rest for
the weary.
>> Picking the associations that you want
to make is one of the one of the
clearest decisions that you have to make
for the brand so that you can ultimately
build the brand that your [music]
customers want to buy from and tell
their friends about.
>> Broke three million. We both launched
sales support. Christine made it
official. We had 100 million. We're $100
million.
>> Before the 24 hours end,
>> we got a solid 45 minutes left.
>> Judge from Guinness is in there right
now. We have half an hour before the
world record window closes.
And so she's basically looking through
all of our Shopify backend data to
verify the final number.
>> Let's go, Lena.
>> 18K. 18K up.
>> Why work around [music] the clock for
something like this? What else would you
work around the clock for?
>> What a [music] surreal day.
>> It costs so much, you know, work and
money and time to to do the $100 million
launch, but like how elegant is it to
have the $100 million series with a $100
million launch culminating with a book
about monetization to demonstrate the
ideas that the concepts inside the book
work.
>> Just a chill day at the office.
>> Yeah. just took down the three
presidents of the first lady and the
prince. [laughter]
>> History was made. People are going to be
talking about this for years to come and
we're going to be able to say we're part
of that magic.
>> I think sometimes [music] people lack
motivation not because their goals are
too big but because they're too small.
It has to be big enough to excite us or
why bother?
>> Yeah.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Heat. Heat.